Abstain me
My school is finished hahaha
Chengfeng, you really only have this ability
Today I will make you lose completely
It's a little too early to lose
Hey, Mr. Liu, please sign here.
This must be yours
Don't you want to protect school?
This land is now mine
I'll tell you what.
I'm tearing this school down tomorrow
I see who dares
This is Professor Zhang, director of the State Administration of Cultural Heritage.
After our investigation
On this field next to your village school
Shang Dynasty ruins were discovered
Now we need to focus on protection.
Start today.
All commercial development and doors are prohibited
This is official government approval.
Highways including the original plan
Will also be diverted
All the buildings on this land
Keep my money intact